you don't have to go to that nasty old
Davis to school with impertinent girls
who laugh at your dresses and label your
father if he isn't rich libel libel
don't say label as a pop or a pickle
bottle I know what I mean and you
needn't be statical about it it's proper
to use good words and improve your
vocabulary
aren't we elegant she looks pretty grim
but I shouldn't be afraid of him so I
can't see how his face might frighten
some people
Thank You mam but my face would frighten
some people oh I only said might sir but
with all that you like me oh yes sir I
do I do i new and I like you
we never can be boy and girl again are
those happy old times can't come back
and we shouldn't expect that trip to
Europe that you so look forward to or
that is too bad that's a that's a cruel
disappointment and then the top the
stupid professor comes blundering and
and and made things worse oh I think
I'll be homesick even in heaven really
want this please wait till mommy comes
home
you